[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Nadia, Grandis,
and King were rescued
from the clutches
of the dastardly Gonzalez
in a daring daytime raid.
Nadia had fallen in
love with Hamahama,
the handsome native boy.
But their relationship didn't
turn out quite as she had hoped.
Cheer up, Nadia.
Your journey isn't over,
but there are only a few stories
left to tell.
[Sanson] One kitty,
two kitty, three kitty,
four kitty, five kitty,
seven kitty,
seven kitty, more kitty.
[snoring]
He whispered low into her ear,
"The stars are not very bright
tonight
but they bring out
the brilliance."
[Grandis] So much has happened
since we got to Africa,
I don't think
I can stand anymore.
Marie stopped being a child
for one thing.
I never thought I'd find
Gonzalez in a place like this.
You've had some amazing
experiences, Miss Grandis.
I guess.
[King purrs]
[Marie] Oh,
look! What are those?
-What are those?
-[Grandis] Huh?
Oh. Those are giraffes.
[Marie] Giraffes.
[Grandis] Right.
And those are hippopotami.
[Marie] They're huge.
[Grandis] And there
are some African elephants.
[Marie] Look what it's doing.
Wow. This is just like a zoo.
-[King purrs]
-Huh?
Ah.
[Grandis] Lions.
[Marie] Lions?
But they don't
look at all like King does.
No, of course not.
King is just a baby lion now,
but he'll grow up
to look just like them.
Oh.
[laughs]
How funny.
[King purrs]
[Marie] You look silly.
I'm glad you're
always happy, Marie.
Huh?
Oh, Nadia.
[Jean] So why is Nadia so down
in the mouth lately?
I'm really worried about her.
[Hanson] Maybe she caught
a rare jungle disease.
[Sanson] You idiot.
She's lost her love.
-[Hanson] She has?
-[Sanson] Yes.
And it's
the worst sickness of all.
[Jean] I see.
Is Nadia gonna be okay?
[both] Jean,
you're much too nice a guy.
[Hanson] I feel
sorry for you, Jean.
[Sanson] If you're
going to be in love with Nadia,
you have to
prepare for lots of trouble.
[Jean] I am,
but I guess I didn't expect her
to be this much trouble.
[Sanson] Listen, Jean,
do you know what it's like
to be madly in
love with a woman?
[Jean] No.
[Sanson and Hanson]
It's a living hell.
[Jean] A living hell?
[Sanson and Hanson]
You betcha.
[Sanson] Since the dawn of time,
loving women has been the bane
of man's existence.
[Jean] Really?
[Sanson] Of course teenage girls
are a little less troublesome.
They can be
satisfied with their own love.
But grown women, huh,
they're no good.
[Hanson] Yup.
They ask for presents.
[Sanson] And outings.
[Hanson] And
they want to go to nice places.
[Sanson]
And they want entertainment.
[Hanson] And you better
not get their age wrong.
[Sanson] And don't dare look
at another woman.
[Hanson]
And they want to eat good food.
[Sanson] And you have to
make them laugh all the time.
[Hanson]
And you better have a nice car.
[Sanson] Oh, they ask so much.
[Hanson] Men are doomed
to satisfy their whims
so they take
advantage of our love.
[Sanson] Men who enjoy torture
will ever be happy
-with that arrangement.
-[Hanson] That's right.
I had more than my share
of torture in the old days.
[Sanson] Oh, yes, the old days.
Jean, you're on the brink
of certain doom.
-Oh, I didn't know.
-[both] Now you do!
[Jean] Hmm.
I must seize this opportunity.
I must.
Love can only bear fruit
when two people are aware
of each other's love.
You can't take it for granted.
-[King purrs]
-Huh.
And, frankly, right now
you're just out of luck, my boy.
What can I do to change that?
You must figure
that out for yourself.
Huh?
[Sanson] But just this once,
I'll give you some advice.
Just this once.
What is it?
Sing to her!
-Sing to her?
-That's right.
Singing is the best way
to seduce women.
Listen, Jean,
this is your only chance.
Create a song using all
of your scientific expertise
and all of the love
you have for that girl.
Tell her--tell her exactly
how you feel about her.
Tell her--tell
her something like this.
[upbeat music playing]
[Sanson] ♪ Jean, do you feel A
brand-new love inside of you? ♪
[Grandis] ♪ Then you know
What love can do to you ♪
[Hanson] ♪ It can confuse you
♪ And leave
you feeling like a fool ♪
[all] ♪ But
you don't have to be that way ♪
♪ If you learn something That
they don't teach at school ♪
[Sanson and Hanson]
♪ If you want someone you love
♪ She may be
closer than you think ♪
♪ If you just open your eyes
♪ If you don't believe
Then who are you gonna? ♪
[all] ♪ Everybody knows That
nobody is meant to be alone ♪
♪ Get serious!
♪ Everybody's searching For that
special one to be their own ♪
♪ Go find it!
♪ If you let this chance slip
Through your fingers ♪
♪ Your heart will grow
As hard as stone ♪
♪ And we don't want that
To happen to you ♪
♪ Love is a wonder Romantic,
luxurious [indistinct] ♪
♪[indistinct] asunder
[Sanson] ♪ It must be stopped!
[upbeat music playing]
[Jean] Hmm.
A love song.
[upbeat music playing]
[Marie] ♪ Jean, Jean, Jean
♪ Jean, Jean, Jean
[Jean] ♪ By now
you know my name ♪
♪ And you know
how brilliant I am ♪
♪ Champion of science
♪ Justice, sense of mind
♪ I'll confound
you with my wits ♪
♪ And my vast imagination
♪ Everything that I dream of
♪ Works out perfectly
♪ So let's sail
[Jean and Marie]
♪ Across the sea
[Jean] ♪ So let's fly
[Jean and Marie] ♪
Through the blue sky ♪
♪ The future sun
♪ Will shine upon
Mankind's bright new day ♪
♪ So go, go, go!
[Jean] ♪ Let's go
♪ And fight, fight, fight!
[Marie] ♪ Fight, fight, fight!
[Jean] ♪ We'll fight
[Jean and Marie]
♪ For mankind will now wade
-♪ Into a brand-new world
-[Marie] ♪ Jean, Jean, Jean
♪ Jean, Jean, Jean
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Gratan engine rumbles]
Hey, Jean.
Would you read this book to me?
[Jean] Uh, maybe later.
[Marie] Later?
No. Read it now!
[Jean] I can't. Later, okay?
You're boring.
[Ayerton] "His dulcet words laid
on her ears like angel wings."
Ayerton,
read this book to me please.
"Her heart chilled by years
of neglect melted forthwith."
"Her carefully painted lips
conveyed the passion of
her rebirth."
-You are boring.
-[Ayerton] "'Oh, Mrs. Havisham,
what a lovely
hat,' he had said."
Would you please read
this book to me, Hanson?
Hey! Hey!
-[Hanson snores]
-You are boring.
Grandis, would you read
this book to me, please?
[Grandis] Ask me later, Marie.
[grunts]
You're boring.
How about reading me
this book, Sanson?
[Sanson] I'm bit indisposed
at the moment.
-[clears throat]
-You're boring.
Nadia, please
read this book to me?
Ew.
[King purrs]
You're boring.
[upbeat music playing]
[Marie] ♪ You're all fighting
over Really silly stuff ♪
[King purrs]
[Marie] ♪ You make life for me
And King so tough ♪
[King purrs]
[Marie] ♪ All adults
do is fuss and fume ♪
♪ And you act extremely rude
♪ Tell me why
you gotta be this way ♪
♪ You never have any
time to play with me ♪
[King purrs]
[Marie] ♪ To pick a flower
Or maybe climb a tree ♪
[King purrs]
♪ I can teach you all
The greatest games ♪
♪ If you'd find
someone else to blame ♪
♪ Tell me why
you gotta be this way ♪
♪ Oh, King, come on
And run away with me ♪
♪ Who knows
What things we'll do and see ♪
♪ Just you and me
[King purrs]
[Marie] ♪ One, two, three
♪ I don't want
to study history ♪
♪ A, B, C
It won't make any sense to me ♪
♪ One, two, three Wish they pass
a law against studying ♪
♪ Tell me why
you gotta be this ♪
♪Don't know
why you gotta be this♪
♪ Not fair that it's
gotta be this way ♪
[upbeat music playing]
Hmm?
Huh?
Jean.
[Jean] Hmm.
Can't you hear me?
[Jean] Hmm? What is it, Nadia?
Something wrong?
-Do you think something's wrong?
-[gasps] I...
[Gratan engine rumbles]
[Nadia] Something wrong?
Something wrong?
I can't believe him.
He's always, always, always only
worried about his inventions.
[Grandis] Why do
you look so blue?
Huh?
[Nadia] Grandis?
[Grandis] Why are
you so downhearted?
-Feeling misunderstood?
-No.
No. It's
nothing like that at all.
Then you're feeling lonely
because nobody is worried
about you,
especially Jean?
No. I doubt you'd understand.
Oh, then never mind.
Perhaps you're lonely
because you long for someone.
But that's not
such a bad thing, is it?
I've always loved
the thrill of the chase.
A charming girl
knows she will win in the end.
But Jean is always so absorbed
in his inventions.
If you don't
know what he's doing,
you might have possibly misread
his motivations.
Yes, but...
A man becomes most dedicated
when he's trying
to accomplish something
for the love of his life.
Never forget that, Nadia.
[Nadia] I know that.
Do you?
If so, then
it will be all right.
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia]
♪ Oh, I'm only just pretending
♪ Every time
that I seem so strong ♪
♪ When all I have
is this blue diamond ♪
♪ Sorrow takes away my song
♪ Won't someone
Wipe away my tears?♪
Give me back lost years? ♪
♪ I'll search for love
♪ In the farthest, darkest
♪ Four corners of the world
♪ And I'll
become like the ocean ♪
♪ Just like the ocean
♪ Calm and serene
♪ No, I won't
let my tears flow ♪
♪ Wherever I go
♪ I'll be free
♪ And I won't be
like the storm clouds ♪
♪ Stirring the ocean
♪When anger strays
♪ Yes, I will run
from my sad heart ♪
♪ I will escape it
♪Far away
I did it!
It's perfect!
And the music's perfect too.
And now to sing it.
-What? A song?
-Yup.
A song just for you.
And it's all of my creation.
What on Earth is that thing?
It is the automated ukulele.
[all] Well, that answers
that question, doesn't it?
Yes.
I built it out of spare parts
from the Gratan
and my innate scientific genius.
And now it's ready
for its first performance.
I simply have
to sing the lyrics.
My voice goes into
the microphone
and syncs with the music.
And it all comes out
through the speakers together.
[all] Oh.
I can't believe you built
all of this in one day.
I was inspired by my love.
Thank you.
It's lovely.
I'm so happy.
You'll be even happier
once you've heard my song.
Go ahead.
Right. Here we go.
Power.
[machine whirs]
[ukulele music plays]
[Jean] ♪ Nadia
♪ Nadia
♪ Please listen
to what my heart ♪
♪ Wants to tell you
♪ Oh, oh, oh
♪ Nadia
♪ It can't stand to
be teased anymore ♪
♪ When I look at you
My heart beats for two ♪
♪ I don't know what to do
♪ I love you, Nadia
♪ Nadia
♪ I bet you don't know
♪ Just how much I mean that
♪ Oh, je t'aime
♪ Nadia
♪ You act so thoughtlessly
♪ Sometimes it makes me
feel blue ♪
♪ Oh, please
♪ Nadia
♪ Hardly a day goes by
When you're not crabby ♪
♪ No, no, no
♪ Nadia
♪ I want to flinch and hide
From you forever ♪
♪ Oh, my God!
♪ Nadia
♪ You should try meat sometimes
It's tasty ♪
♪ Yo ho ho, Nadia
♪ Nadia
♪ Only simpletons hate foods
they've never tasted ♪
♪ Oui, oui, oui
♪ Nadia
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-
la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ One more time
♪ Nadia
♪ Na...
But the song's not over yet,
Nadia.
I've heard enough.
[sniffles]
That was terrible.
[grunts]
Terrible?
You lied to me, Sanson.
[wind blows]
That was scary.
At least, he tried.
You have to take chances.
You never take chances,
Sanson.
No, I never enter battles
that I can't win is all.
[Grandis] Nadia.
[gasps]
[Nadia] Grandis?
[Grandis] Do you dislike Jean?
[Nadia] No.
[Grandis] Then you like him?
[Nadia] Yes. I guess so.
Then why did you react
that way to his love song?
I wish I could tell you.
I don't know.
I suppose I'm just shy.
Sometimes it's just
so embarrassing and painful
that I don't know how to act.
[Grandis] I understand.
Everyone has
his or her own limits.
But when you're in love,
it means you must be willing
to exceed those limits.
It's a natural reaction for
you to feel somewhat confused,
but one cannot
live a fenced-in life
and expect to include others.
Perhaps you have to
think about
what lines you will
cross for him
and about jumping that fence.
[Nadia] I'm scared.
[Grandis] Why,
there's nothing to fear.
One day love will make you
so completely happy,
you won't have to fear anything.
That's what happens.
That's love.
[Nadia] Really?
Really.
[Nadia] I see.
So this is love.
♪ Now, for
the first time in my life ♪
♪ Feelings I don't recognize
Are inside me ♪
♪ You always
sneak up on my heart ♪
♪ If it's not
love, what can it be? ♪
[Jean] ♪ So I know you don't
mean To be so cold-hearted ♪
♪ When you say
cruel things to me ♪
♪ I can't smile
back and play the fool ♪
♪ 'Cause this is not love
As it should be ♪
[Nadia] ♪ I'm a lonely girl
♪ Lost around the world
♪ All this pain and grief
Makes me go my way ♪
[Nadia and Jean]
♪ I pretend to ignore you
♪ Even though
you thrill my soul ♪
♪ Every time you turn around
And look my way ♪
[Nadia]
♪ Tell me, why am I so blind?
[Jean] ♪ You see me
[Nadia]
♪ Why are you so kind?
[Jean] ♪ You know me
[Nadia and Jean]
♪ Is this love or illusion?
[Nadia] ♪ Even stars above me
Make me want to sigh ♪
♪ And say words I can't speak
-♪ So why do I shed tears?
-[Jean] ♪ I will dry them
[Nadia] ♪ Why do we know fear?
[Jean] ♪ We'll face it
[Nadia and Jean]
♪ Is this love, not illusion?
[Nadia] ♪ If we are together
♪ One day
we won't have to say... ♪
[Nadia and Jean] ♪
That you will never understand ♪
♪ What your love means to me
[singing in Japanese]